hello welcome to yet another beer review
with me period massive hobbits and today
my friends we're going to be looking at
some German beer a huge stock bomb to be
accepted by the show's valve brewery and
muscle the short oh wow - Wow
from Germany it was the brewery that had
a little trifle with with BrewDog not
making the strongest beer in the world
and this is one of their beers this is
the Shah Spock which is a double bag of
13% which is huge this was he given to
me by my mom she was in Germany recently
just a small trip to pick a pig down to
Danish German border shops to pick up
some supplies for a night and supplies
of beer and so is it much cheaper down
there so she went there and she saw a
gift pack up some short buggies and
picked them up for me so thanks someone
from the beer I also got the this is the
show Spock 30% I was about the 60%
version and this shows bikes and Bach
well yeah this the fun story there is
that they had that little trifled with
BrewDog about making the strongest beer
in the world and brood of essentially
one but it says serve ice-cold the
broodmare going to the gym Verdier
brewed in bavaria and volley just saw
slough contains water barley malt hops
and yeast and that's about it so yeah I
like the label though that's pretty cool
I'm going to be using my grapes like the
bog even though it should probably use a
difficult line but I just wanted to use
this because I haven't used it in ages
yeah it's this huge double block cracked
open it's got a dark murky brown reddish
color it's not that pretty to be honest
that the head is a small one finger
beige head
looks like that unfiltered double barks
Lotus alien wrong huge alcohol note
sitting there was notes in the aroma
it's got some smoky notes in there too
that's kind of strange
yeah it does have a little bit of smoke
it's just just short puffs 13% thoughts
of caramel in there to start poops
I mean it surprised by the smoke it's
kind of like camphor kind of smokey note
but it's very very some some burnt
almost like roasted toasted notes
nuttiness but big on the alcohol to
think it's kind of strange but it's a
give it a taste
cheers guys that's pretty darn sweet you
do not taste the alcohol at all for you
guys it's so cold
Wow okay now the warming sensation comes
this is the stranger stop a block I had
in her add that is very strange
certainly a unique beer the flavor on it
or the body on it some like a medium
body it's kind of sticky mouthfeel is
really really sweet and then the flavor
there there's a night Bert a smokey kind
of note I got burnt rubber almost lots
and lots of dark fruit that's got a
slight tang to it it's not sour but just
like a tang let me tang to it which is
strange pretty impressed that you don't
taste the 13% alcohol in here that's
pretty darn crazy there's some readiness
in there some darker bread I was
expecting this to be a huge boost bomb
according to the aroma but what of the
taste really surprises me but this is
probably the most strange doppelbock
I've ever tasted very very untraditional
for sure it's got somewhat of a grainy
nest too toasted lightly toasted grains
in there too just can't get over that
smoke flavor Suns more flavor and dark
food there's quite a lot of dark fruit
in there very strange tumble-bug
actually I quite like surprised by this
indeed better for 2013 it says well it's
personal it's done overwhelmingly tasty
and it's not overwhelmingly great it's
just quite unique certainly not bad
that's a quite strange NH you see it's
pretty dangerously drinkable for such a
high UVB r-rating wise for the Shah
Spock from short pile I know on the
fence here guys I'm not really sure I
like it that much
actually it's not bad and all really but
it's not that good but I think I'm gonna
give it a sixty like give it a benefit
of the doubt cuz it's above average
Tiffany it's not bad beer but it's not
anything that blows my mind in any way
and that's probably because it that
weird mixed palette of flavors on there
certainly the most strange stop about
I've tasted in my entire life or so far
maybe the 16% varies and is even more
ginger no but guys let me know what you
think about the show spoil show spot-on
13% if you've had it as always remember
to come and subscribe check our Facebook
fan page and Twitter all this stuff and
I'm going to say cheers
guys and I will see you in another
beauty review